# What _was_ accomplished

Well, at the very least, the website now looks less "**very** beginning of the internet" and now looks closer to a site you'd see in the 2000s. Still not the absolute _best_, but at the very least better than where it was. The components are now at least split apart into actual components instead of having everything on one page. A start to having a better, more manageable website.

Along with _some_ styling changes, I also noticed a few issues within the the search function at just the front end level:

- the `specialties` was being treated as a string because the types were off, meaning that the `.includes()` being used was, while trying to just work on a string, actually being used against members of an array, meaning that partial searches would never end up functioning correctly.
- the `yearsOfExperience` is a number, but because of improper typings we just added a `.includes()` which caused a front end error on search. A simple `.toString()` resolves this.
- Formatting of the phone number is cleaned up. Not really a search thing, but easier to read at least
- The search term can be saved in state rather than as a part of the document itself, making it less prone to accidents by getting rid of the need for `document.getElementById()` (generally something to avoid in React when possible)
- Specialties are sorted alphabetically within each advocates line

Oh! I also fixed up the `specialties` type in the drizzle schema by using the `.$type()` helper so that we'd know it's a string array, and then was able to use the drizzle schema type in the front end to help with catching type bugs.

Keys were also added to each element generated by iterating over an array. This is a very primitive key, but it should do for the purpose of the exercise.

The table was turned into a "dumb" component, in that it doesn't manage any of the fetching of data, only the rendering as it is passed in. This allows for things like edit pages, bulk edits, separate search components and more to be more feasible without clunking up the rendering logic itself.

All `<br />` components were removed, as the same thing can be accomplished with padding and margins.

# Things I _want_ to fix with time

First, I'd like to fire off a fetch request with the search term _at the same time_ as doing some searching locally, so that if there's data in the database that hasn't been fetched yet, it can be returned. That would need to be specifically on blur or button click though, or properly debounced, as to not call the API too often with just simple typing.

Secondly, I'd like to add sorting to the columns, because being able to sort by name, degree type, and years of experience are all incredibly useful things to be able to do. Especially if the degree type has an underlying scoring system to it (like an enum) so that PhD can show up before MD. Filtering on multiple fields would also be a nice addition, if not another layer of complexity.

Thirdly, adding a way to highlight the searched term would be incredible, but I ran out of time for that. Just a nice little eye candy for the user.

Lastly, I'd much rather use a UI library than worry about writing it all from scratch. I have a preference of MaterialUI, but am flexible with whatever. I think I got a little bogged down in trying to not add too much and as such having to implement a lot of things without much library help.

Oh, and maybe have a designer set the colors, cause that's something I've never been great at. I choose the greens I did cause they were kinda close to the ones from the Solace picture while still allowing for black text.

Unify how the styling is handled. I'm not very familiar with tailwind at the moment, so there's a bit of a slew of how I handled styling that I'm not _super_ proud of. Some of it is inline, some of it is handled in the `globals.css` file. I'd certainly like to fix that up in the future too. One of the other reasons I like using a component library.
